Doc changes for new nested JSON reader [skip ci] (#7791)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

it by default. If you would like to test it, you need to enable `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` and 
`spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled`.

> It will cause error on invalid data. For example, the following is valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading input containing invalid JSON format (in any row) will throw runtime exception. An example of valid input is as following:
```

Author: Done

``` console
{"name":"Andy", "age":30}
{"name":"Justin", "age":19}
```

> The followings will cause error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following input is invalid and will cause error:
```

Author: Done
